we are a team of two members, and we have participated in 5 to 10 hackathons and won some of them.

so we have a decent experience.

the tech stack we used earlier are as follows

we used nexts js for frontend , fastapi for backend

we have developed projects on machine learning, quant, etc

also we have worked on database like mysql, postgresql, mongodb, faiss, dynamo db, etc

this basically all about us.

now we have to win this hackathin at any cost and we want to build a solution that would not only make us win this but the product should be most beneficial to the unilog company, as their main motive is this, and winning by fullfilling the motive is the easiest possible way.

so i have given the dic in which all the information about the hackathon is given and all the time constraints.

analyse the content given, search about the company, analyse what they do

make an understanding of how they want a project to be made on this problem statement. imagine that you are the owner of the company, and think, why would you conduct this hack, and what kind of innovation, or a scalable product or something which gives outstanding results with minimal efforsts what do they exactly want form this and explain it to me, then we will ficus on the solution

Decoding Unilog & The UniHack Challenge
To win this hackathon, we first need to stop thinking like hackathon participants and start thinking like Unilog’s Executive Leadership Team.

1. What Unilog Actually Does & Their Core Business Model
Unilog is a leading B2B Product Information Management (PIM) and eCommerce platform provider. They serve over 400 industrial manufacturers and distributors (across PVF, Plumbing, HVAC, Electrical, and Hardware).

The Core Problem: Industrial distributors hand Unilog raw supplier feeds containing millions of cryptic, incomplete, and non-standardized product descriptions (e.g., "3/8 CPLG BRS 150#" or "PDSH4816AF Dishwasher SS").

Unilog’s Value Offer: Unilog cleanses, normalizes, extracts attributes, and standardizes these messy lines into rich, search-ready product records across 250+ standard fields.

How They Make Money: Distributors pay Unilog for cleansed product catalog feeds and PIM syndication (CX1 Platform) because clean data directly increases eCommerce conversion rates and powers precise search filters.

2. The Owner's Perspective: Why Unilog is Hosting UniHack
Imagine you are the CEO / Chief Product Officer of Unilog:

"Our content team is drowning in Excel sheets. Currently, our human content analysts take raw supplier data, manually cross-reference rulebooks, verify units of measure (UOM), lookup 27,000+ brand variations, and draft 5 different description types per SKU. This human bottleneck caps our capacity at ~150,000 SKUs per month.

Our goal is to scale throughput 5x to 750,000 SKUs/month without multiplying operational costs. We are hosting UniHack with an explicit IP transfer clause because we want an automated or AI-assisted enrichment engine that we can actually integrate into our CX1 PIM backend."

What Unilog Wants vs. What They Do NOT Want
What Unilog DOES NOT Want ❌	What Unilog IS CRAVING To See 100% Success ✅
Pure LLM wrappers that generate creative, hallucinated descriptions.

Deterministic, constrained AI that strictly adheres to LOV (List of Values) and master tables.

A surface-level app doing a generic pass over 1,000 rows.

Deep end-to-end enrichment for targeted categories (e.g., Faucets/Fittings) matching ground truth.

High latency / expensive API setups that cost $0.50 per SKU.	
A fast, cost-effective hybrid engine combining vector search, rule engines, and targeted LLMs.

A "black box" AI output.	
Traceable, explainable AI with confidence scoring and Human-In-The-Loop (HITL) review triggers.

3. What the Winning Product MUST Demonstrate
To impress the judges (who are Unilog's tech leaders), your solution must act as a Production-Grade Automated Content Pipeline:

Strict Master Data Grounding (Zero Hallucination):

Must match messy brand/manufacturer strings against UniCat_Manufacturer_and_Brand_List (27,000+ rows).

Must enforce approved units of measure (UOM_Standards) and fractional conversions (Decimal_Fraction).

Must select values strictly from Unicat_Lov_v1_0 (~161,000 rows).

Multi-Format Synthesis Engine (1 Input ➔ 5 Formats):

Take 1 raw string and deterministically construct:

Invoice Desc: ≤40 chars, ALL CAPS.

Mobile Desc: 60–80 chars.

Short Title / Product Title: Built using category formula (Brand + Series + MPN + Type + Key Attributes).

Long Description: Comprehensive technical layout.

250+ Column Attribute Matrix: JSON schema populated with extracted specs.

Confidence Scoring & Human-in-the-Loop (HITL) Queue:

High confidence (≥90%) → Auto-approve to delivery catalog.

Medium/Low confidence (<90%) → Route to an interactive audit UI for human content team review with highlighted gaps (e.g., "Missing UNSPSC code", "Brand confidence 68%").

Measurable Benchmark Evaluation:

An internal evaluation engine that computes field-level accuracy and rule compliance against the 200 ground truth items (Input-vs-Output.xlsx).

4. Why Your Team’s Stack Is Ideal For This
Your background is tailored for this problem:

FastAPI Backend: Handles heavy data orchestration, Async processing, batch ingestion, and validation pipelines.

Next.js Frontend: Powers the operational dashboard (showing live catalog ingestion, accuracy metrics, interactive review queue, and diff view against ground truth).

Databases & Vector Search (PostgreSQL + FAISS / MongoDB):

PostgreSQL / MySQL: Relational lookup tables for exact master data matching (LOVs, UOMs, Brand mappings).

FAISS / Vector Index: Semantic similarity search to map messy input strings to canonical categories, fittings, and manufacturer names in milliseconds.

Now that we have analyzed the business objective, CEO mindset, and technical expectations, are you ready to dive into designing the architecture and technical workflow for our solution?

ok so we now got what is required, but now we dont have to rely on our previous tech stack, we should be using what is best suitable for this , dont be biased at all, consider abouve discussion also, think properly what should be used.

do good enough research for this , like search for some new tech, concepts in machine learning, deep lerning that fit exact for this problem statement, or from the fielld which is highly trusted for automated ai workflows, etc

but keep in mind the requirements of the solution

To build a winning product for Unilog, we must move away from generic web app architectures. Unilog does not need another basic LLM app—they need a High-Throughput Data Intelligence Pipeline that processes messy tabular catalog data at scale without hallucinating.

The goal is to pick tools purpose-built for probabilistic entity resolution, grammatically constrained AI generation, instantaneous tabular lookup, and automatic prompt optimization against ground truth.

The "Best-In-Class" Tech Stack Matrix
Architecture Layer	Recommended Technology	Why It Is the Absolute Best Fit for UniHack
High-Performance Data Engine	DuckDB + Polars	
10x–100x faster than Pandas/PostgreSQL for querying messy Excel sheets, 161k LOVs, and 27k brands in-memory with zero server setup.

Probabilistic Entity Resolution	Splink (powered by DuckDB)	Built by UK Govt analytics; executes probabilistic linkage (Fellegi-Sunter model) at ~1 million records/min on a single laptop to resolve messy brand/manufacturer strings.
Constrained AI / Schema Enforcement	Outlines or Instructor (Pydantic)	
Guarantees Zero Hallucinations. Uses finite-state machines to force LLMs to output only valid LOV enums and obey strict character length limits (e.g., Invoice Desc ≤40 chars).

Ground-Truth Optimization Engine	DSPy (MIPROv2 / GEPA)	
Instead of hand-writing prompts, DSPy compiles and optimizes extraction prompts automatically against Unilog’s 200 ground-truth rows.

Embedded Graph Engine	Kùzu or NetworkX	
An embedded Property Graph database to navigate Unilog’s deeply nested product taxonomy (Classpath → Leaf Node → Attribute Label → Permitted Values).

Agentic Workflow Engine	LangGraph	
Provides deterministic state-machine orchestration with built-in Human-in-the-Loop (HITL) interrupts for low-confidence SKUs.

Backend API & Service Layer	FastAPI	
Fast, async Python framework that integrates natively with Pydantic, DuckDB, and ML pipelines.

HITL Audit Dashboard	Next.js + Tailwind OR Streamlit / Reflex	
An interactive workbench showing live catalog transformation, field-level diff views against ground truth, and human override controls.

Detailed Tech Breakdown & Core Concepts
1. Entity Linker: Splink + DuckDB (Probabilistic Matching)
The Problem: Input strings contain scrambled, abbreviated brand names like "Rheem Mfg / FRIGIDAIRE" or missing brand fields.

The Solution: Rather than relying purely on costly vector embeddings, Splink applies unsupervised term-frequency adjustments combined with Jaro-Winkler and Levenshtein fuzzy metrics. It maps supplier strings to UniCat_Manufacturer_and_Brand_List.xlsx (27,000+ rows) in milliseconds with match probability scores.

2. Zero-Hallucination Extractor: Outlines / Instructor (Grammar-Constrained Decoding)
The Problem: LLMs naturally invent attribute values or exceed strict character bounds (e.g., writing 45 characters when the limit is 40).

The Solution: Outlines modifies the LLM's token logits at runtime using finite-state automata (FSAs) generated from Pydantic schemas.

If Mounting Type MUST be one of ['Leg', 'Wall', 'Under-counter'] from the LOV, the LLM is physically incapable of sampling any token outside those options.

Regex constraints enforce character length caps and uppercase formatting for invoice descriptions.

Python
# Conceptual Outlines / Pydantic Schema for Unilog Fields
from pydantic import BaseModel, Field
from typing import Literal

class InvoiceDescription(BaseModel):
    # Enforces strictly UPPERCASE and max 40 characters
    text: str = Field(..., regex=r"^[A-Z0-9\s\-\/\.]{1,40}$")

class FaucetAttributes(BaseModel):
    # Enforces exact values from the LOV table
    mount_type: Literal["Deck Mount", "Wall Mount", "Surface Mount"]
    material: Literal["Brass", "Stainless Steel", "Chrome"]
3. Automatic Prompt Tuning: DSPy (Compiling Against Ground Truth)
The Problem: How do we prove our AI logic matches Unilog's exact ground-truth standard (Unilog-Sample_200_Items-Input-vs-Output.xlsx)?

The Solution: We use DSPy. We load the 200 items into a DSPy trainset and define an evaluation metric calculating field-accuracy and character compliance. DSPy's GEPA or MIPROv2 optimizer tunes few-shot demonstrations and system instructions programmatically until field accuracy reaches its peak.

Raw Input ──> [ DSPy Extractor Module ] ──> Evaluated against 200 Ground Truth SKUs
                      │
            [ GEPA Reflection Optimizer ] ──> Auto-tunes Prompts & Few-Shot Demos
4. Deterministic Pre-Processing: Rule-Based Conversions
Before sending text to any AI model, deterministic Python functions handle rule-based lookups:

UOM Normalizer: Maps terms like "IN.", "inch", "inches" to "in" using Master_UOM_Standards.xlsx (enforcing space rules like 24 in).

Fraction Converter: Uses Decimal_Fraction.xlsx as a vectorized DuckDB hash map to instantly convert 0.5 → 1/2 and 50.25 in → 50-1/4 in.

The End-to-End Pipeline Workflow
┌────────────────┐      ┌─────────────────────────┐      ┌──────────────────────────┐
│  Raw Input Row │ ───> │  DuckDB / UOM Converter │ ───> │ Splink Entity Linker     │
│ (Sample-1000)  │      │ (Fractional & Unit Fixes)│      │ (Brand/Mfg Resolution)   │
└────────────────┘      └─────────────────────────┘      └──────────────────────────┘
                                                                       │
┌────────────────┐      ┌─────────────────────────┐                    ▼
│ Delivery Format│ <─── │ Outlines / Instructor   │ <─── ┌──────────────────────────┐
│ (252 Columns)  │      │ (LOV Schema Extraction) │      │ Kùzu / DuckDB LOV Graph  │
└────────────────┘      └─────────────────────────┘      │ (Find Permitted Values)  │
        │                                                └──────────────────────────┘
        ▼
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│ Confidence Score Check                          │
│  ├─ High (≥90%) ──> Auto-Approve to Output      │
│  └─ Low  (<90%) ──> Route to Next.js HITL Queue │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
Ingestion Layer (DuckDB): High-speed streaming ingestion of raw Excel/CSV files.

Deterministic Cleansing: Python/DuckDB normalizes UOMs and converts decimals to trade fractions.

Entity Linker (Splink): Matches supplier strings to canonical brand/manufacturer codes.

Taxonomy & LOV Mapping (Kùzu/DuckDB): Resolves Classpath and pulls the specific List of Values (LOVs) and attribute formulas for that category.

Constrained AI Generation (Outlines/DSPy): Extracts missing attributes and generates the 5 formatted descriptions (Invoice, Mobile, Short, Long, Title) with 100% schema enforcement.

Validation Engine & HITL Dashboard: Computes a composite confidence score. High-confidence outputs are written directly to the delivery sheet, while low-confidence rows trigger a flag for human review.

Why This Tech Blueprint Wins the Hackathon
Industrial Grade Throughput: Using DuckDB + Splink allows processing thousands of rows in seconds on modest hardware.

Proof of Accuracy: Utilizing DSPy with the provided 200-item ground truth allows presenting quantitative accuracy scores directly to the judges.

Zero-Hallucination Architecture: Combining finite-state machine decoding (Outlines) with strict LOV validation guarantees compliance with Unilog’s content standards.

Does this architectural direction align with your vision, and are you ready to outline the implementation milestones for your team?