https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6wSXEVzCQCs

Transcript:
(00:29) Hey, back. Hey Heat. Heat. Hello everyone, good evening and thanks
(01:54) for being here. My name is Manet and I will be your host for the day. So this is the uni hack decode the challenge session and over the next while we are going to decode exactly what this challenge is and how you can win it. So if you are here you have already taken the first step and by the end of this session you'll know three things what uniak is all about the exact problem you are solving and what it takes to build a submission that stands out.
(02:24) So let's get into it. All right so uh first and foremost the important thing what is uni hack and why you know those who have just registered they also wanted to know about it. So at its core, this is an AI innovation hackathon which is focused on building real prototype solutions for unilog content and commerce challenges and we are inviting student developers across India to use AI, ML and emerging technologies to build impactful MVPs and PC's and I want to stress the word real here because you are not solving a textbook problem or a madeup data set.
(03:03) You are working on an actual business challenge that Unilog log deals with that scale. What that means for you, you get to solve a genuine industry problem, showcase your innovation and explore opportunities to collaborate with Unilog. And this is a chance to put your skills against something that actually matters.
(03:21) Now the heart of it, the problem you're actually solving and here's the situation. You know uh we all know that industrial companies manage huge amount of product information scattered across websites, cataloges and technical documents. Converting all that messy scattered information into accurate structured product data which is genuinely hard and you know incredibly time consuming and today a lot of it is still done manually and it doesn't scale. So that's where you become in.
(03:53) Your challenge is to build AI powered solutions that can take limited product information and transform it into rich, reliable and commerce ready product intelligence. So three things to focus on as you build data enrichment, validation and explainable outputs. So you have to keep those three in minds. Uh they'll come up again when we talk about what makes a strong submission.
(04:18) And uh of course there is a prize pool for you guys. Uh so what's in it for you? Basically there's a total cash prize pool of five lakh and the winner takes two lakh as a winner. First runner up will be 1 lakh 50,000 and second runner up will be one lakh of the amount. And on top of that uh we don't want to miss these two special rewards which will be 25,000 each for solutions that stand out in specific ways.
(04:44) And beyond the prize money, top performers may be considered for, you know, internship and full-time opportunities at Unilogue. So, this is a chance to get your work in front of the people who build this at scale. But, you know, uh here's my honest advice. Uh don't build for the price, build for the problem because the teams that generally engage with the challenge are the ones who end up at this site.
(05:10) All right. So uh firstly I just wanted to you know give you a platform overview like how you are going to uh submit and exist all the things just allow me a second I am giving you all right so as you can see uh this is your dashboard which is look like this. I would request everyone if you have not formed up your team yet, please go and do that because in order to build a you know uh impactful solution there comes a team that will help you in terms of giving a good uh designing or helping in making a content or making you know a
(05:52) structured pipeline towards it towards your solution. So don't miss it. Just go and build your team. Uh you can also look up for a team. You can also create your own team. There comes the submission part that is going on which you have to do which is project submission and there you have to uh select the challenge which is here.
(06:09) You have to upload your prototype tech presentation and you can uh upload it here and you can also provide a brief overview of your solution and how it solves the problem and important thing which is share the link of your live prototype demonstrating the core functionality. So these are the things which you have to make in mind in order to make the submissions.
(06:27) And if you are thinking that uh okay so where do I find all the things in order to proceed with that? There you go. In the resources section you will find the solution guide you will find the sample data set and you will find the expected output. So everything is available on the resources section.
(06:43) Just go pick it up and start building your submission. And if you missed this uh session or sometimes you know you wanted to watch this again just go to the interaction section and there you go. you will see the session in your on demand and you can just exist it again. All right. So, make sure this is the uh deadline for you to make the prototype submission that is 23rd of August.
(07:06) Please make sure to submit it before 11:59 p.m. ISG Indian Standard Time. And after that, this is the timeline which looks uh once you make the submission. uh 23rd of August is the last uh day where you will make the submission. Then after that, the evaluation phase will begin. On 24th of August till 1st of September, we will be doing the evaluation part of it.
(07:29) And then there comes the short list announcement that will take place on 1st of September. And then there will be a grand finale that takes place on 4th of September. Cool. This is the last thing which I wanted to let you know that uh you know how you can build a real input for your submission which is your solution should work beyond the sample data set and you know the data set provided for the challenge is a starting point and not only input your product should be able to handle but you should you should also
(08:00) provide an input where you will be uploading uh the data set where evaluators can upload their own data set. This is how you can proceed with uh building the real um input. There is one thing which you have to make sure the dos the dos says that u there should be a dynamic data set upload and only preloaded data sets will be applicable for submissions and the actual processing and the analysis and it should be working end to end as a workflow.
(08:34) What you have to avoid during the submission phase is hard-coded or mogged outputs and you also have to make sure that you the output uh should like generated from the input and there should not be you know static output screens that will create a problem for the evaluators and the features that only work in the demo that are the things that you have to avoid in order to make the submission.
(08:56) So how uh so of course demo data is for demonstration and your product should work on evaluator provided data too and uh how you can validate before you submit you have to test your product from the evaluator's perspective you have to upload a data set that was not used as you know your primary demo data and you have to run the complete workflow from input to output and there is another thing that I wanted to tell you that you have to check that the analysis actually executes without failures.
(09:23) So these are the things which you have to make in mind uh in order to make the submissions. So uh without taking much of your time now to take you deeper into the problem and to walk you through it, we have got exactly the right person. I'd like to introduce Ramachandra Raja who is working as a VP of content services at Unio.
(09:45) He leads the very work this challenge to build around and he is turning unstructured scattered product information into structured commerce ready intelligence which will work at scale for unilog customer. Hey Mr. Ram well >> hope I'm audible. >> Yes. Yes you are audible. So over to you >> manit. Can you hear me? >> Yes I am able to hear you right.
(10:14) Right. Uh can you go to the next slide man please? So now now I think uh Manet explained very well like what is the problem statement what is the challenge right so the challenge is to reduce as much as possible the manual involvement while enriching the schema when I say that's the while the product data enrichment so that is the solution that what is in the program we are expecting right so you'll be building a product data for particular item.
(10:56) Uh so I I'm going to explain you like uh how it has to be built, what is that we are looking for and how that has to be done using the technology that what you guys are well aware of. Next slide please. So I I'll just share my screen and I'll walk you through the sample data set and I'll explain you the each field. What is that you need to consider while uh doing the product enrichment? Hope my screen is visible to you guys.
(12:07) Uh Manit, can you just Manit? Uh >> just a second. Is my screen visible? >> No, not yet. Now it's visible. Just a second. Man, can you confirm me? >> Yes, now the screen is visible. You can Yes, go ahead. Can you come again man?
(13:12) >> Uh yes your screen is visible. >> Oh great. Yeah. So uh participants can you see I mean you need you can see the screen the column the column A says the manufacturer part number that is for this particular part. This is the part number and if you see the column F so that is the manufacturer name.
(13:38) So what we expect is these are the two main things that you need to consider while enriching the product. So this is the input that whenever we uh we get the file from a customer these are the three basic things and basic information that we get from the customer which is very essential to enrich the product. So that that's about the sample data set.
(14:01) So I'll share you the output that what is we are expecting from this sample data set. Right. So I I just presented the sample data set for you guys which is already in the resources sections of the UNIAC platform. So once you get the manufacturer part number and the manufacturer name the primary enrichment that is the primary source should be the manufacturer uh website.
(14:54) So that is the reason it says like manufacturer here. So this is the first source that is the primary source for to get the data data uh from them. that is the primary source that that is any competitors any distributors but not from any shopping sites when I say shopping sites like other e-commerce sites when I say e-commerce sites like Amazon eBay and those kind of thing so that that source that data or anything sourced from that websites are not considered as a valid for us So this is the part number that you will source and these are the URLs.
(15:57) So what we expect is once you source the item you get a detail of information for that particular item or additional to the input what we provide. So when you get the information that uh additional information you classify into the category. So you classify that into a taxonomy which we have already provided in the resources section where it says the solution guide.
(16:20) So there is a taxonomy which have like close to 14,000 categories. So you need to categorize this product into that any leaf level category. In that taxonomy once you categorize that into a leaf level category you'll get a set of attributes for that particular category. You can see that's that's shown in this uh sample output from uh column A column BD to column BD to GW.
(16:56) So when I say GW probably like each some of the categories leaf level categories will have more than 30 attributes or more than 40 attributes or some may have less than 10 attributes. So these are be called as an attribute names right. So for this particular example the attribute section have the first has a series and you need to capture what series that the product fall under.
(17:20) Right? You any manufacturer will have their own series kind of thing. So you need to figure out what series does this product fall under in that particular manufacturer or any source available that you can find out and you need to populate every attribute values based on what all the attribute label we got from that particular category.
(17:42) When you capture the value there are some sections where you have like um um need to be captured separately. For example, in this case, there is a voltage reaching is the attribute. The voltage value is 120 and voltage V is the UF. So, you need to capture V in a separate column there next to the attribute value.
(18:02) And all these guidelines are provided there in the uh style guidelines or the project guidelines or the solution guidelines in the solution guidelines section. So there you'll get the taxonomy list, the sample output, the sample input and the guidelines and how you need to capture the OM, how you need to standardize the values, how you need to normalize the values and there is also a list of values.
(18:27) So when I say list of values for particular attribute in example like which is the best example let me give. Yeah. So there is a list of values when I say mounting type it can be leg can be built in and these are the values permissible values will be provided in the you need to see whether which are the attributes that can fit into a particular attribute.
(18:57) If any new attribute is new value is available that you find out you can enter it here and you can just tag it as this is the new value which we have found other than the list of values which provided in the solution guide. So these are the attribute sections. So for each category there will be set of attributes defined predefined based on the category that you guys classify.
(19:19) So once this attribute population is done right you you just fill all the data which are available from the available uh sources. Once it is done, so then you need to also fill couple of other uh fields here which is like uh E, UPC, E and UNPC. If it is available there you don't have to go and figure out like how to available.
(19:49) If they're the available in the source then you need to populate you need to capture those and there are certain fields like warranty list price selling quantity selling um standard packaging information. So when you like fill the standard packaging information you need to just fill the length and length right and alternate image any alternate images available in the manufacturer website.
(20:23) So just keep a note the man the digital assets when I say digital assets the product image PDFs right warranty uh catalog information technical specifications and all these need to be taken only from the manufacturer website. You you you need not to capture it from any of the third party sites. It has to be from the manufacturer website only.
(20:49) Any digital assets that has to be captured from the manufacturer website only. So once once you capture all this like you have a predefined template for each um sample set. Once you all fill all these data then you come into a section where like uh you need to build the descriptions. There are four or five descriptions which need to be built like mobile description, inatch description, short description, long description, retail description.
(21:17) So for the all these five descriptions we have the guidelines provided there in the style guideline or project guidelines like what it should be the character limit for each description and what should be considered while building those description whether in some for example in some case you need to have the manufacturer name as first and then the product and the product name and the manufactured part number.
(21:42) In some cases you need to have the part product first and couple of other attributes that to be captured in the format. So the sequence will be provided the sequence is explained in the style guidelines which you need to follow and build the descriptions. So after all this then you need to capture the marketing description.
(22:00) The marketing description is as it is in the manufacturer website. You you not need to capture marketing description outer than the manufacturer website. You cannot capture it from the any third party uh manu I mean third party sources that is other than manufacturer. Same as for item features. Item features also need to be captured only from the manufacturer website.
(22:23) So this is this is what uh that you you guys need to uh make use of the sample data set we provide and output format it's provided here. So manit can you go to the next section please? Yeah. So understand the reference files. So those reference files are the guidelines which provided there that shows how the manufacturer brand has to be captured, how the um standards had to be maintained or how it it has to be followed and there is also a list of values which gives you more sense of what attribute value like how the
(23:06) attribute value should be captured for each each attribute and each category that is what the LO values provide in the reference files which is placed under the resources. Next slide please. Yeah. So what makes a strong submission? So when we say a strong submission, the value which you capture should be very accurate.
(23:36) You need to validate once you build the solution because the validation ma plays a bigger role because you once you build a uh technology a solution using the technology then you also need to go back and validate whether those attribute values what been captured it really makes sense because for example in some cases for example like in a in a voltage rating attribute some other data probably amperage may come and sit in that value right so that will happen only once the validation is done.
(24:07) So when you say strong submission we you need to make sure that for that particular attribute the particular value makes sense and the accuracy should be 100%. Right? So you you don't have to allow that any attribute value can sit and go into any attribute you it has to be correlated between the attribute label and the attribute values.
(24:30) When it comes to the character limits that all comes under like for the description. So every description there is a character limit which you need to make sure that uh the solution itself to provide those. Next slide please. Okay, I guess we have covered all the topics uh for this session, right Mr. Ramachandra? >> Yeah, I think I have explained in brief.
(25:21) Uh if anyone have any questions. >> Yes. So guys, we have opened a window. uh for you guys for to ask questions related to the challenge, the problem statement you are working on or any sorts of queries you have related to this. Just drop a question or query you have in the comment section and uh we'll start taking it up.
(25:46) I like we are giving you like 30 40 seconds so that you can just start asking the queries. In the meantime, we can I guess proceed with some of the queries that uh I am watching on the comment section. Let me just quickly pop this up. All right. So the question says, when you say validation, do you mean the pipeline uh should selfch check its own output against the control vocabulary before submission or do you the judges validate our output against internals? the source URL for that particular value.
(26:28) If it the value is captured from the PDF, we want that PDF to be provided to us or else at least a link to that PDF. >> Okay, there's another question. Uh just a second. >> Do we need to build the entire enrichment pipeline? Yes, you need to build the entire enrichment pipeline. cannot be a focus on the specific stages that while building the solution you can focus on that but as a solution we want the entire enrichment pipeline solution >> okay >> is provided to us >> so there's question how will you distinguish between a genuinely dynamic
(27:07) solution and a mocked workflow So question to you. >> There's a lag. >> There's a lag. Okay. Now is it fine? Can you guys hear me? >> So yes, you are audible. Uh the question is in front of the screen that says uh how will you distinguish between a genuinely dynamic solution and a mocked workflow? >> Yeah. So
(28:18) I mean I think there is some from your end. Can you please give me a sec? Give me a sec. Give me a sec. Sure. So in the meantime let's see other questions that is related to so folks who are asking about the resources and where they can find the files uh you can just simply uh go to the resources section in the participant dashboard code uh where you will find everything in a detailed manner uh written here that how you can utilize it the sample data set the solution guide and the output uh document.
(29:07) So everything is uh available on the resources section. Uh just go and fetch from uh that section and then you can start working on the submission file section of it. uh if you even face any sorts of issue while uh accessing the documents just feel free to reach out to our support email address that is there on the platform. Okay.
(29:32) So Ramachandre is here. >> I'm back. Can you guys hear me? >> Yes, you are audible. Even if you wanted to take the questions, it's it's fine if you can, you know, you wanted to turn off your video. Uh that is also that also works for us. >> No, no, there is because I'm not in my office today. I'm sitting in another office.
(29:52) So there is some lag in the net provided. Right. So that's the reason >> rightly >> the question was dynamic solution and the mark workflow. Right. >> Right. >> Yeah. So it it all lies in how the process executes and handles the data like for an aspect like purpose. Uh so dynamic solution should demonstrate actual functionality and business logic whereas the mock workflow should always give like us the process flow UI concept without real processing right and also data source we need a uh in the dynamic solution we want it to use a real time
(30:26) data uh from systems databases and repositories right and for the bar workflow like uh you know right this just it has to use the predefined sample static stat static and dummy data. So that's that's what we are expecting there. So here the dynamics should provide the the actual capabation and UI reviews. Perfect.
(31:17) Okay. So we have another question coming up that is can you please help me with my query what will the judges primarily look for while evaluating the solution it is really important okay >> yeah on on the on the content perspective I would see like what's the accuracy of the data that been captured that been enriched right on the solution perspective probably I I would uh you know that I want Shaji to answer on that whether he is looking for a functionality of the on the content perspective.
(32:16) Okay, I guess there is some uh internet issue. Uh okay, let's just wait for 5 10 seconds. Okay. >> Any other queries? >> Yes, now you're audible. You're back. >> I think I answered that like like as as a from the content perspective, we look for the accuracy. >> Understood. I guess that also uh gave you the answer jes.
(33:11) So one thing that is more important is accuracy. How accurate you are making the submission towards it that makes the judgment more uh accurate for them. Okay. So there is another question I am popping this up. So this says between output accuracy, code architecture quality and the demo presentation how should be splitting our remaining effort.
(33:43) So between output accuracy I would say like uh uh I go it as uh 40 30 okay understood hope that uh solved your query Z okay let's see some other questions should the agent AI be applied and automate and one should have some human intervention. I mean I left that's left to them like we want a solution how do they use what do they do that they need to present us >> noted >> all right >> it should be the solution the solution should be cost effective because we cannot go and the solution cannot be like linked to the Gemini right where
(34:37) the cost is more >> understood okay I guess uh everyone's question has been cleared. Okay, one last question again from you know Zad I guess he is currently working on the solution that says does the evaluation care about how a value was derived uh source from manufacturer PDF versus LM interference or only whether the final value is correct.
(35:09) Is it like we take the lead in this hackathon? The primary source for the value should be the manufacturer, right? And and that should be there should be source for each value what the cap what the solution provides. There should be a source URL for that, right? It cannot be like I mean based on the LLM or based on intelligence, it cannot say for this product this this cannot this can be the value, right? When you when you populate a value there should be an URL or the source URL provided to us which helps us in validation and which is very
(35:49) authenticate that the value is captured from the known sources. Understood. All right. I guess uh we can take this last question and I guess then we are good to go. If a manufacturer's site is dead, should we scrape distributors or gracefully degrade to 0%? If manufacturer site is there should be scrape distributors or gracefully degrade to 0%. Yeah, that can be done.
(36:29) If if if the most of the time if the manufacturer there is no data available in the manufacturer as well that then you can provide it from the reputed third party sources not from any of the e-commerce. Okay, I guess uh we have covered all the questions we have and it was a wonderful session with you Mr.
(36:59) Ramachandra and I hope guys uh your queries have been resolved now in terms of you know how to decode this challenge and thank you once again Mr. Raachandra for this insightful session and I'm also hoping everyone to start working on their solutions and make submissions on time that is 23rd of August uh 11:59 p.m. IST.
(37:22) So again uh folks if you have any sort of Yes. Yes Mr. Ramach >> and Manit if if there are still some queries just pass it on to me through email so that I can answer what best possible I can do for that. >> Exactly. So uh guys if you have any queries related to the submission or uh anything that comes up while working towards it just feel free to uh share it over our support email which you will find on your uh participant dashboard.
(37:50) Just email it to us. We will uh resolve it as soon as possible. And I guess that is it. So thank you everyone. We hope and all the best to all of you. Bye Mr. Raachandra. Bye guys. >> Hey, thanks everyone.
